I'm impressed you all managed to escape.
- M… Miss All Sunday.
- Who's Miss All Sunday?
She's Baroque Works's second-in-command.
She's vicious.
Don't point those things at me.
It's dangerous.
Whoa!
No need for that.
If I were here to kill you.
you'd already be dead.
Nice to see you again. Miss Wednesday.
Or is it Princess Vivi today?
I was sad to hear of Mr. 8's passing.
Don't you dare talk about Igaram!
No need to get worked up. Hmm.
So you're captain
of the Straw Hat Pirates.
Monkey D. Luffy.
- Hey! Give me back my hat!
- It's quite unfortunate for you.
Your Log Pose has set
to an island called Little Garden.
The dangers there
will likely be your demise.
We can handle anything the Grand Line
throws at us. Now give me back my hat!
I'm here with an offer.
- An Eternal Pose?
- What's that?
An Eternal Pose is a Log Pose that
always points at one particular island.
With this Eternal Pose.
you'll be able to sail to a remote island.
avoiding any trouble you'd undoubtedly
be facing from Little Garden.
or my organization.
If you agree to hide out there.
no one will ever find you.
I can guarantee your safety.
Great! Then it's settled.
- So you're coming with us?
- Keep it in your pants. She's the enemy.
Sounds like a trap.
What do you say?
I won't offer twice.
Luffy. no!
You don't get to decide
where this ship goes.
How tragic.
When you took
the fugitive princess onboard.
you put a target on all your backs.
You may think you're unstoppable…
…Monkey D. Luffy.
but your friends aren't made of rubber.
Good luck.
What just happened?
We just received a mysterious visit
from a beautiful stranger.
You don't understand.
If Miss All Sunday knows where we are.
then it's only a matter of time
before more Baroque Works agents find us.
They won't stop until we're all dead.
Maybe we were a little hasty with
the turning down the run-and-hide plan.
- I don't run and hide.
- That's cool.
But what if I did?
Nah.
Why is he the only one
taking this threat seriously?
- Baroque Works doesn't scare us.
- Zoro just took down a hundred of them.
Officer agents like Mr. 5 and
Miss Valentine are far more formidable.
Many of them have devil fruit powers.
You don't need to worry. I'll protect you.
- Don't lie to the lady.
- I would never lie to a lady.
Luffy. I will forever be grateful
that you got me out of Whisky Peak.
I made a promise.
And you fulfilled it.
But I won't stay
and let them come for the rest of you.
When we get to Little Garden.
I'll find my own way to Alabasta.
Now this is
what we came to the Grand Line for!
I've never seen anything like it.
Why do they call it Little Garden?
It does not seem very little to me.
I don't know. but I am excited to explore.
This island wasn't on
any of the maps I've ever seen.
so if it's uncharted.
it's probably uninhabited.
- Huh?
- Maybe for good reason.
If there's no people.
then there's no boat to take me home.
I guess you're stuck with us.
In the meantime. adventure awaits!
I'm starving.
Well. it's a good thing
that the pirate lunches are packed
and ready for exploring.
Whoo!
All right!
Hello. Little Garden!
We can't wait to see
what you have in store for us!
In store for us!
The island heard me!
It sounds so big.
It sounds like dinner! Mmm!
- I'm gonna go hunt some game.
- How? By kicking it to death?
- You think you could do better?
- Than you?
Easy.
Let's make a bet then. shall we?
Whomever kills dinner wins.
You're on.
Mmm.
- Come on. everyone!
- Vivi.
You coming?
Let's go!
Everybody stick together.
Right. No running off
into the jungle. okay?
This way!
Luffy!
Are we… are we splitting up?
- Are you sure that's a good idea?
- Whoa!
Oh.
I've seen plants like these
in books before.
but they're supposed to be extinct.
This one smells pretty good.
This one's hungry.
Whoa.
Well. whatever animal we heard
went this way.
Pretty sure it went that way.
- Are you questioning my hunting skills?
- Skills? Like you have any.
That way.
Don't worry. Vivi.
We'll help you find a way
to get to Alabasta on the next island.
When Luffy turned down
Miss All Sunday's offer.
he put you all in danger.
And you just went along with it. Why?
I know how Luffy may seem.
but he actually…
He's got a lot of…
I actually don't know
how to put it into words. but
when you see it. you see it.
- Ow.
- Mmm.
You gotta try some of these!
Are you trying to kill us?
Get down from there.
and stop acting like an idiot.
Where's Usopp?
He probably went back to the ship.
I will find him. Just. uh.
keep Luffy out of trouble.
I wonder what's this way!
Guys. come on!
Ah.
Mmm.
Have you ever seen
something like this before?
You mean a fern?
Yes. Though they're usually not so big.
What about these?
Have you ever seen something like this?
Yes. Luffy. I've seen berries.
Are you sure those are edible?
Mmm.
Whoa.
What about this?
Have you ever seen something like
this?
No. Luffy.
I've definitely never seen
anything like this.
It's a prehistoric island.
Navigating between the islands
in the Grand Line is so difficult
that I bet this has stayed untouched
for thousands of years.
Since the age of the di...
I wanna ride one!
What makes you think
it went this way?
I know what I'm doing.
It's around here somewhere.
Admit it. You're lost.
Do you even know what we're looking for?
I mean. judging by these tracks.
I'd say the animal
has pretty sizable claws.
So chicken soup for dinner.
You're definitely lost.
Do you ever shut up. Mosshead?
- Thought we were hunting. not poking dirt.
- Hunting takes patience.
Okay. you don't need to explain to me.
Pirate hunter. Remember?
Yeah. pirates and animals
behave differently.
Most of the time.
When I wanna kill something.
I just go and kill it.
Yeah. well. finesse
is a virtue that you lack.
How much finesse did it take
to get tied up in Whisky Peak?
I was about to escape.
Sure you were.
Why don't you stick to baking cookies?
Baking and cooking are
entirely different culinary disciplines
with distinctive techniques.
Not a chicken.
Definitely not a chicken.
Back already? Why? What happened?
Usopp?
What are you doing?
Just polishing the railings.
Didn't realize they needed polishing.
Yeah. well.
not anymore.
Look. I know you're scared.
I'm not scared.
Just allergic.
To potentially dangerous
and uncharted islands.
Didn't we set out to sea
to have adventures like this?
Well. yeah.
But that Baroque Works lady knows
something about this island we don't.
You heard her.
"Good luck."
She was just trying to scare us!
I mean. look around us. When will we
ever get to see something this incredible?
You're starting to sound like Luffy.
Come on.
- What is that?
- I don't know.
But it can't kill me if I'm already dead.
Do you have any ale? Huh?
Ale?
Huh?
You know what I like after a good drink?
Mm-mmm.
Lunch.
Look out! No! No. no. no!
Whoo!
Luffy!
You should really get down from there.
It may seem docile.
but it is still a dinosaur!
Down?
No. No way!
I've got a view of the whole island
up here. You've got to see!
I really don't!
Luffy! What are you doing?
Aah! Oh!
Oh.
It's okay. I got you.
Pretty good view. huh?
How can you enjoy this?
Baroque Works are hunting us down.
and you're having fun riding a dinosaur.
What do they ride in Arrabiata?
In Alabasta. we ride ducks.
Huh?
My loyal duck companion back home
is named Karoo.
Wow.
Ducks!
I don't think I've ever met a duck
big enough to ride.
Well. actually. I don't think
I've ever met a princess either.
Do you live in a castle?
I live in a palace
in the capital city of Alubarna.
It has secret passageways
and the most beautiful rooftop garden
you've ever seen.
Do you eat lots of fancy food?
The palace chef will make you
whatever you want. any time of day.
Oh!
You can get ice cream sundaes
at three in the morning?
No.
I'm not a child.
Oh.
Um… I'm sorry.
I just need to get home.
You will.
You smell that?
Smell what?
Food.
Dino!
That way!
Okay.
- I guess there's dinosaurs on this island.
- One less now.
Ooh.
this thing could feed a village.
I've never cooked a dinosaur before.
I've never killed one before.
Big day for both of us.
You…
you didn't kill anything. okay?
I killed this dinosaur.
You think you killed a Tyrannosaurus Rex
with a kick?
You just saw me do exactly that.
Look here.
This is where my sword. an actual weapon.
sliced through. Do you see that?
A flesh wound. maybe. okay?
But here is where my kick made impact.
actually bringing the beast down.
- You hear that?
- What? The sound of me winning the bet?
I can't wait to see Nami's face
when I make her a T. rex tartare.
Who's there?
We're getting close.
How do you know?
My nose is never wrong.
This is the most beautiful thing
I've ever seen in my life!
Uh… Luffy?
I think that food belongs to someone.
Who dares steal my rations?
Mmm.
Humans don't tend to survive long
on Little Garden.
Yeah. because they get eaten by giants.
Gosh. I am starved.
Nami. I don't want to be stew.
We did not come all of this way
to die in a cave.
We just need to find a way to escape.
It looks like he's some kind of warrior.
Or a butcher.
Listen. I am going to look
for a way to get us out of here.
And you can distract him with one
of Captain Usopp's tales of bravery.
Okay?
A long one.
Right.
Okay.
Yeah.
I am a warrior.
He's a warrior.
I'm a warrior.
It's the same. Same.
We're the same.
You've got a lot of sharp things!
Sorry. what was that?
I said that's an incredible axe you have.
I have wielded lances. spears. hammers.
But the bruiser axe
is my weapon of choice.
It's… beautiful.
Are you interested in weapons?
Oh. yeah.
I once brandished a five-ton hammer
in battle against a mole monster.
Mmm.
Tell me. How did you defeat this beast?
Well. I…
Well. the creature was scared. naturally.
so it fled underground.
But that didn't stop Captain Usopp!
I tore through earth…
…until I caught the creature.
"Come here!"
Boom!
And when the dust settled.
there wasn't a structure left standing.
That's how I got the nickname…
Lord of Destruction!
The Lord of Destruction?
You must be very brave.
And tough.
- Just like my muscles. Stringy.
- Mmm.
Zero flavor. coincidentally.
A warrior of such strength
must have an equally strong appetite.
Stew?
Wait.
You're… not going to eat us?
Is that what you thought?
I wanted to eat you?
- Well. yeah. absolutely.
- Seemed purposeful.
I… I don't eat people!
The only thing
I'm starved for is… is conversation.
That's why I wanted to have you for lunch!
Have
you for lunch.
I hear it now.
My apologies.
Allow me to introduce myself.
I am Brogy the Red Ogre.
Elbaph's strongest warrior!
I'm Nami!
- I'm...
- Captain Usopp. Lord of Destruction!
Yeah.
Pleased to meet you both.
- Hurry up!
- You are welcome to help.
What?
I have this feeling like
someone's watching us.
Don't do that.
Don't get all paranoid on me.
There's no one here but the princess
and those damn Straw Hats.
Just need to kill them before...
Mr. Zero finds out we failed
and sends someone to kill us?
Bing. Bang. Boom.
God. I hate tropical island jobs.
The sun is murder on my porcelain skin.
Yeah. tell me about it.
I'm sweating bullets here.
- You do know you can take your coat off?
- No way. It's part of my look.
Shit.
He sent the psychos.
My. my. aren't you two in trouble?
Should have saved yourself the trip.
Mr. 3. This is our job.
Not anymore. Hmm.
Mr. Zero was quite perturbed
to learn that you let
the princess escape at Whisky Peak
and added a whole pirate crew
to our to-do list.
- We have a plan.
- Please.
Stop speaking.
I've taken over your assignment.
In fact. my partner's
already in the jungle.
putting our plan in motion.
As for you two.
hmm…
I could have some fun with you.
Leave your twisted bodies on the beach
for the Unluckies to finish off.
I don't think Mr. Zero would mind.
Wouldn't try it.
Or…
The pirates have fallen in
with two annoyingly friendly giants
who could make my plan
complicated.
Help me get rid of the giants. and
I'll recommend Mr. Zero not kill you.
At least not for this.
Mmm.
This is amazing!
- Do you wanna try some of mine?
- Mmm.
Hey! I said some!
Very tiny. but very tasty.
I don't even know what it was.
It's called beef bourguignon.
One of our chef's specialties.
Compliments to your chef.
Hold up. Are you a pirate?
Indeed.
Captain of the Giant Warrior Pirates.
We both love meat.
and we're both pirate captains?
What are the chances?
I'm Monkey D. Luffy.
and I'm gonna be King of the Pirates.
I didn't know pirates had a king.
Then again. I have been on this island
for a very long time.
I am Dorry.
the Blue Ogre.
Elbaph's strongest warrior.
This is Vivi. She's a princess.
Luffy.
Your Highness.
Should I bow?
No. No. no. no.
And please.
it's just Vivi.
Charmed to make your acquaintance.
Just Vivi.
She's on her way home to save her kingdom.
I'm trying.
But… I don't know
if I'll make it in time. and
without Igaram…
Who's Igaram?
My friend.
He died protecting me.
It sounds like this friend is a hero.
He died with honor.
It doesn't matter how he died.
He's gone.
and I couldn't do anything to stop it.
In Elbaph. we have a ritual.
When a warrior dies.
we place their body upon a pyre
and burn it
so their souls can rise to the heavens.
Perhaps you would like to do the same
for your friend.
I don't even have his body.
Hey.
What about this?
Igaram.
your unwavering loyalty to your homeland
will never be forgotten.
But more than that.
you were my support.
You always believed in me.
even when I doubted myself.
You were like a second father to me.
ever since I was little.
And as I traveled far from home.
far from my own father.
you felt like home.
So I thank you.
Not just for your service.
but for your love
and your protection.
I owe you my life.
He was a great man.
Sorry.
It's just beautiful.
The stew was delicious. Brogy.
Thank you.
I just wish I had some semla
to offer you for dessert.
What's semla?
Oh. a spiced sweet bun from Elbaph.
We would feast on great bowls of semla
before the winter solstice festival.
which pays gratitude to the sun god.
One year. I ate a whole table full.
Sounds like someone else I know.
Is everyone in Elbaph a giant like you?
Well. to us. we seem pretty normal.
Why. when I first went overseas.
I was quite surprised
to find everybody else was so small.
What's Elbaph like?
Oh.
It's a beautiful island
with steep mountains
and a massive tree at its center.
And brave warriors
famed for their honor and strength.
I think I'd like it there.
You would.
Even in death. our warriors live on
through tales of their bravery.
much like your own. Captain Usopp.
And a heroic death in battle
is the ultimate expression of courage.
How do you face death without fear?
What was that?
Oh. that's just the volcano.
A volcano? Are we in danger?!
Oh. no. no. not at all.
Well. time to go fight to the death.
In Elbaph. if combat commences
and neither side yields.
judgment is handed down by the gods.
and whoever they deem righteous
will be granted survival
and divine protection.
There is
another giant on this island
with whom I share
a long-standing conflict.
So every day. when the volcano erupts.
we engage in a battle to the death.
73.466 duels.
And every day.
those battles have resulted in a draw.
That's a lot of fighting.
Dorry and I have been dueling
for over a hundred years!
A hundred years?
How old are you?
We giants live for 300 years.
And you've been fighting for a hundred?
Over what?
At this point.
I don't even remember!
You can't even remember?
How much do you hate each other
that you would fight
for an entire century over nothing?
It's not about hatred.
It's about honor
and conviction!
Right you are. Captain Usopp.
We may not remember why we duel.
but there must be a champion.
In Elbaph. honor comes both from victory
and dying a warrior's death.
Come on!
Do you seriously
want to see two giants duel to the death?
That doesn't sound safe or sane.
Didn't we set out to sea
to have adventures like this?
Yes. we did! Yes. we did!
Whoo!
Huh?
Hmm.
There you are.
What the hell are you doing?
Training. The pomegranate
is the most formidable opponent.
Well. while you were making a fruit salad.
I carved up the entire T. rex by myself.
The femur was so big
it almost broke my boning knife.
Boning knife?
Are you literally. like. five years old?
Hey. what's your problem?
I don't know.
It's like I can't stop…
stop laughing.
Right.
Okay. well. I'm just gonna take the meat
that I killed back to the Merry by myself.
and you can stay here
and keep acting like an idiot.
No. wait. Stop!
Whatever. man.
Boning knife.
A duel between giants?
Can you believe we get to see this?
It's fine.
It's gonna be epic! Whoo!
Huh.
What?
That's why they call it Little Garden.
Because it's little to them.
Good luck with your duel!
I don't need luck. my small friend.
Just the favor of the gods.
Nami! Usopp!
Ah! More tiny folk! Hello!
- Hello. other giant!
- What are you guys doing here?
We met a giant too.
Isn't this place great?
- I know! I was just telling Nami.
- Right!
Giants! Giants!
- Dorry!
- Brogy!
These giants
don't hate each other.
They're friends.
Nami. you'll be the voice of reason.
Are we really going to watch
these two giants kill each other?
I think everything's gonna turn out fine.
Is it in there?
Yep.
Let's party.
Today. we stand on the precipice of glory.
where valor meets destiny.
Let this ale fuel the fire in our hearts
as we forge into the embrace of battle!
Skål!
This rock is soft.
Ah.
To the honor we defend.
the glory we seek.
and the camaraderie of true warriors.
May the sun god. Nika. smile down
with pleasure at what he witnesses
and grant us a place
in the great hall of heroes.
- Skål!
Ah.
Aah!
Yes! Boom. boom!
Let's go. Brogy!
Let's go. Dorry!
You're
the strongest warrior in Elbaph!
Hey!
Dorry! Dorry! Dorry!
Get him! Let's go! Put him in a stew!
They're so strong!
- Yeah. Dorry. get him!
- Take him down. Brogy!
Dorry! Yeah!
This is legendary. Can you believe
I almost stayed on the boat?
Yeah.
I feel so inspired.
I want to be just like them.
- You want to be a giant?
- No. uh…
But this is what I mean
when I say "brave warrior of the sea."
I want to live
proud and fearless. like Brogy and Dorry.
If Elbaph is an island
full of warriors like these two.
I want to go there someday.
Me too.
I promise we'll go there.
Together.
Whoo!
Yeah!
Those clouds look like a cat.
Nami? Are you feeling all right?
I'd be better if I could pet that cat.
Neither one is giving up!
No wonder it's been going on for so long.
- Whoo!
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa!
- Whoa!
- Yeah!
- Brogy!
- Dorry!
Why isn't it working?
Just give it a beat.
My Earwax Fancy Cannon will activate
as soon as it fully dissolves.
- I put earwax in his beer.
- I got it.
Oh. okay. Just making sure.
Boom.
Something's wrong with Brogy.
Look! There's smoke coming out of his mug.
But Dorry gave him that beer.
I hate to say it.
but maybe Dorry drugged him.
What? No way.
Brogy and Dorry fight with integrity.
They would never poison each other.
That's right. No one on this island
would ever do such a thing!
Unless we're not the only ones
on the island.
Baroque Works.
Booger guy!
It was you and your booger bombs!
Wait! Luffy. wait!
Stop!
Stop the fight!
This isn't a fair fight.
Something's wrong with Brogy!
Brogy.
Brogy!
No.
No!
By the sword's edge.
I claim my victory in blood!
After a century.
this fight is over.
Hmm.
All according to plan.
Hey. I know you.
I'm hard to forget.
Nami?
Bye. Usopp.
Toodles.
Nami!
Brogy!
No! No! Brogy!
Brogy. No.
This is the judgment of the gods.
Brogy has died a noble death.
No.
No! Didn't you see?
It wasn't a fair fight!
This Baroque Works guy
put a bomb in his ale.
It exploded in his stomach!
The ale that I gave to him?
I tried to stop the fight.
But Brogy went through with it anyway!
I had no idea.
How did I fail to notice?
My dear friend is dead.
For what?
Not honor.
For nothing!
Wait! The people who took
my friend. Nami. they're still out there!
I need your help!
I can't do this alone.
I'll always remember you. Brogy.
Elbaph's strongest warrior.
I couldn't save you.
But I can still save Nami.
Hey.
Who are you?
I was waiting for someone.
But now I'm all lost and alone.
Maybe I can help.
Who are you waiting for?
Luffy!
Luffy.
Get away from her!
Run!
What's the point?
Tag.
You're it.
Nami!
Nami. where are you?
Whoa!
Nami?
Anyone?
What up. Miss Wednesday?
My dear friend.
now your home will be empty forevermore.
73.466 draws.
One…
I don't care how you died.
You fought like a proud warrior.
and I will give you a warrior's funeral.
But first.
I will find the people who did this to you
and make them pay.
Such anguish.
Such beautiful suffering.
What is this?
Candle wax.
The Wax Wax fruit gifted me the ability
to produce and manipulate it.
Struggle all you want.
but once it hardens.
the wax is stronger than steel.
Why are you doing this? What do you want?!
I know it doesn't seem fair.
but trust me.
there is purpose in your suffering.
You see.
I am an artiste.
and you. my poor. doomed giant friend.
will be my next work of art.
Oh no.